Clarify that not all CHERI instructions are available in Address Mode (#812)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/riscv-priv-integration.adoc

| Authorizing capability for data memory accesses | <<ddc>>| <<ddc>> | capability in `rs1`
| natively YLEN CSR Access Width       | ✘                 | YLEN                  | YLEN
| Extended YLEN CSR Access Width       | XLEN              | XLEN                  | YLEN
| CHERI Instructions Allowed           | ✘                 | ✔^3^                  | ✔
| Summary                              | **_Fully RISC-V compatible_**^2^ | **{cheri_int_mode_name}** | **{cheri_cap_mode_name}**
|==============================================================================

^1^ _{CRE}_ represents the effective CHERI enable for the current privilege mode.

^2^ The hart is fully compatible with standard RISC-V when {CRE}=0 provided that <<pcc>>, Xtvec, Xepc and <<ddc>> have not been changed from the default reset state (i.e., hold <<root-rx-cap>> and <<root-rw-cap>> capabilities).

> ^3^ Capability load/store instructions are unavailable as their encoding will revert to non-CHERI (see <<section_cheri_hybrid_ext>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^3^ Capability-authorized load/store instructions are unavailable as their encoding will revert to non-CHERI (see <<section_cheri_hybrid_ext>>).
```

Maybe this wording?

Author: > The capability load stores using an integer base will still be available, this only affects the remapped instructions.

You are right. Looking a tables 48-51 it appears the remapped instructions are `C.SY`, `C.LY`, `C.SYSP`, and `C.LYSP` i.e. the *compressed* instructions for cap load/store. The uncompressed ones (`SY`, `LY`) are still available.

So how about

```suggestion
^3^ The compressed instructions to load and store capability data are unavailable as their encoding will revert to non-CHERI (see <<section_cheri_hybrid_ext>>).
```

The added footenote's text was inspired by the note in 4.1 "If RVC encodings are supported, load/store encodings will revert back to their non-CHERI encodings,". If I am correct, this note could also benefit from clarification that only the compressed instructions are affected.

On an side node, the sentence "If RVC encodings are supported, load/store encodings will revert back…" could be interpreted as "Iff RVC encodings are supported, load/store encodings will revert back…". Maybe this should be further reworded to clarify that the encodnings will always revert to their non-CHERI encodings (which I believe is the intention?).

Reviewer: The new wording sounds good to me.

> ^3^ The compressed instructions to load and store capability data are unavailable as their encoding will revert to non-CHERI (see <<section_cheri_hybrid_ext>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^3^ The compressed instructions operating on capability data are unavailable as their encoding will revert to non-CHERI (see <<section_cheri_hybrid_ext>>).
```
